doc: add Windows develop instruction (#4263)
logseq/logseq: README.md

The following is for developers and designers who want to build and run Logseq locally and contribute to this project.

We have [a dedicated overview page](https://github.com/logseq/logseq/blob/master/CODEBASE_OVERVIEW.md) for Logseq's codebase overview and [a development practices page](docs/dev-practices.md).

> ## Set up development environment

Reviewer: It would be nice if we moved this to docs/ someday. I think it clutters up the readme as most people looking at the readme aren't doing this

Author: Split into an individual file.

> * The following instructions are for setting up web app / desktop app development environment on macOS / Linux. For other cases like Windows users or mobile development, please refer to [Docs directory](docs/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following instructions are for setting up web app / desktop app development environment on macOS / Linux. For other cases like Windows users or mobile development, please refer to [this guide](docs/Develop LogSeq on Windows.md)
```

Reviewer: Think it's helpful to just link directly

The following is for developers and designers who want to build and run Logseq locally and contribute to this project.

We have [a dedicated overview page](https://github.com/logseq/logseq/blob/master/CODEBASE_OVERVIEW.md) for Logseq's codebase overview and [a development practices page](docs/dev-practices.md).

## Set up development environment

> * For setting up web app / desktop app development environment on macOS / Linux, please refer to [Develop Logseq](docs/develop);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For setting up web app / desktop app development environment on macOS / Linux, please refer to [Develop Logseq](docs/develop-logseq.md).
```

Fixed a link
